Bug fixes from review (#3)
node-red/node-red-dev-cli: docs/P06.md

# Min node-red version

## Requirements

> With the `node-red` sectio of the package.json file the developer SHOULD indicate the mnimum supported version. This must staisfy at least one of the current `latest` or `maintanance` tagged releases.

Reviewer: If we're going to say they need to have this, then the creating nodes docs need to be updated to include this to match.

```suggestion
Within the `node-red` section of the package.json file the developer SHOULD indicate the minimum supported version. This must satisfy at least one of the current `latest` or `maintenance` tagged releases.
```

Author: This is only a "should" requirement not a "must", the docs currently say that you "can" I guess we could change to that to also say shoud?

Author: Node-RED Docs were updated in https://github.com/node-red/node-red.github.io/pull/251
